yeah hello everyone and welcome to
another cooking video my name is Jay
we're gonna continue this week in our
journey with rice today I got this bowl
of rice and screaming for something to
put on it so we're gonna look at a
Korean recipe today called bibimbap
bibimbap simply means mixed rice so
we're going to take a look at some of
the toppings and some of the ingredients
and I'm going to show you how easy this
is to do so are you ready let's do it
we're going to start this recipe off
right I got some roasted garlic here
that I just drizzled with olive oil and
put it in a 350 degree oven for about 40
minutes now meanwhile I got browning
here some ground beef that I had
seasoned with about half a teaspoon of
sugar sake soy sauce and sesame oil as
well as some garlic powder and some salt
and pepper I'm just gonna brown that and
then we're gonna set it aside okay for
the spinach all I did was I put it in
the steamer and just let her go until it
was wilted moving on to the carrots and
cucumbers all we did was julienne to
matchstick sides okay I got a hot pan
here and I just added about 2 cups of
maitake all I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
toss them around slightly and then I'm
going to add our base for a sauce which
we're gonna use about a tablespoon each
of soy sauce mirin and sugar now all
we're gonna do is we're gonna just cook
that down until it's reduced into a nice
thick sauce okay now what you want to do
is you grab a little handful of bean
sprouts there and put it in a hot pan
and you just want to saute them for
about 30 to 45 seconds now add a dash of
sesame oil if you like just for a little
bit of flavor now finally with the
carrot we're just gonna cook it slightly
for maybe about 30 seconds we're gonna
get those a bit of the natural sweetness
out and then we're gonna move on so
let's move on to the sauce
okay let's start with our gochujang
sauce the first thing we're going to
need is we're going to need three
tablespoons of gochujang which is a
pepper paste now you can get an Asian
supermarket or the Korean grocery to
that we're going to add about a half a
teaspoon of soy sauce one teaspoon of
vinegar 1 teaspoon of roasted sesame
seeds in addition to one teaspoon of
sesame oil now to that we're going to
add one of those bulbs of our roasted
garlic so just squeeze it in there and
teaspoon of honey now what you're gonna
want to do with that is just mix it real
well until everything is incorporated
you could put in the blender if you like
as well just to make sure that that
garlic is well blended now when you get
that roasted garlic out it's gonna be
beautiful it's gonna be like butter so
soft so and don't be worried about using
so much garlic because once you roasted
it turns sweet so it's not as
overpowering
powering as when you use it when it is
fresh so go nuts okay for their cilantro
sauce with the roast garlic emulsion I'm
very excited about the sauce by the way
but I'm going to use a bunch of fresh
cilantro one bulb of that roasted garlic
now let's say two bulbs to the roasted
garlic the juice from three limes and
about half a cup of canola oil and all
you gotta do is buzz that in the blender
until it's well incorporated and then
once that's done give it a taste add
some salt and pepper to season and then
you are done okay finally we're gonna
poach our egg and if you don't know how
to do that check out my poached egg
video okay so finally here we are at the
Assembly of our dish so we're gonna
start by getting our sauteed bean
sprouts there and we're just going to
lay our ingredients around
the edge of the bowl so we got our bean
sprouts there and then we're going to
follow up with some of that fresh
cucumber followed on the opposite side
with our carrots now just make it pretty
it's all good
and take your time once that's done
there I got our shiitake or not our
shiitake butter maitake and we're gonna
put those right next to the carrots when
you're laying these down just make sure
you have your a nice variety of colors
that you're alternating everything like
that unlike what I did there by putting
the green next to green but whatever so
there's our spinach and once our spinach
is done we're gonna put our ground beef
right in the middle so put a small mound
and the great thing about these dishes
you don't need a lot of meat so worried
about that in fact you don't even need
meat at all you can totally make this a
vegan dish easily okay so once your meat
is down in the middle there let's put
some of that cilantro emulsion sauce
there so I'm gonna put that in a couple
spots there on the bowl followed by that
gochujang pepper sauce that I'm just
gonna put right on top of the beef
perfect now once that's down I'm gonna
finish that off with our poached egg now
where's our poached egg
Jared okay let's put that down nice and
carefully right there
good now I think we have almost
everything I'm just going to finish it
off with a little bit of curry kaki
and then once that photocopy is down I'm
gonna grab a knife and I'm gonna cut
that egg open and let it run all over
beautiful see check that out see that
silkiness of the egg in the texture this
is beautiful and this is encased
incredible let's give it a taste
okay so here is our finished product our
bibimbap right here in the bowl as you
can see let's give her a taste test so
the first thing we got to do is we've
got to mix this up really good I'm
curious to see how the addition of that
second sauce is going to be to this dish
that cilantro
roasted garlic emulsion sauce here we go
Tomas mmm there's a good balance right
there that gochujang as a wicked edge
traditionally UD does that but with the
added cilantro and roasted garlic sauce
there's a slight herbal power there the
lime juice really nice freshens it up I
really like it so that was that really
good so that's my version of bibimbap so
try that at home try it out at home be
brave don't be afraid make this recipe
yours most importantly though have fun
in the kitchen and until next time take
care